Hydrogen economy is an opportunity
for industries to transition —
towards more sustainable,
low-carbon processes.
Hydrogen can be utilised as a fuel in
power production and transportation, —
for seasonal energy storage and
long-distance transportation of energy.
Especially in so-called
Power-to-X applications —
hydrogen’s commercial potential is
already recognised around the world.
At VTT, we research and develop
fuel cell concepts, power production —
and technologies that utilise hydrogen.
We manage a fully automated research
infrastructure available for 24/7 operation.
In addition to modelling, testing
and characterisation possibilities, —
our laboratories offer testing and
characterisation services for fuel cells, –
fuel cell stacks as well as
electrolyser testing services.
We are designing complete fuel cell
systems of up to several kilowatts –
and electrolysers to produce clean hydrogen.
Excellent hardware technology and
experimental knowhow about the FC&H2 domain —
are essential in creating economically viable
and environmentally sustainable solutions.
We at VTT are proud to have
what it takes to research —
and develop the solutions of tomorrow.